Document adding new site content in DG (#1153)
MarkBind/markbind: docs/devGuide/devGuide.md

</box>

#### Adding test site content

When adding new features, you should also add new site content into an existing test site or create a new test site to demonstrate the new feature. This is to ensure that your feature can be tested by building that test site.

To add a page to an existing test site, for this example, to `test_site`:

1. Add a new test page, e.g., `newTestPage.md`, containing a demonstration of the new feature.

2. Open the `site.json` corresponding to the test site, i.e. `test/functional/test_site/site.json`

3. To include the new page, i.e. `newTestPage.md`, add it to the `pages` array.

``` {heading="site.json" highlight-lines="16,17"}
"pages": [
    {
      "src": "index.md",
      "title": "Hello World",
      "frontmatter": {
        "frontMatterOverrideProperty": "Overridden by front matter override",
        "globalAndFrontMatterOverrideProperty":  "Overridden by front matter override"
      }
    },
    ...
    {
      "src": "testLayouts.md",
      "title": "Hello World"
    },
    {,
      "src": "newTestPage.md",
      "title": [some title you see fit]
    },

>     ....

Reviewer: minor nit: let's stick with 3 dots as with the above

```

> 4. Update the tests.

Reviewer: Update the expected test files using `npm run updatetest`

<box type="info">

>   When creating a new test site, the directory name of the new test site should be added to <code>test/functional/test_sites</code>.

Reviewer: Could remove this as well, we don't have a `test_sites` directory

Reviewer 2: It's a file without an extension. Please check again :sweat_smile:

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/MarkBind/markbind/tree/master/test/functional/test_sites

Perhaps we should mention that it's a file. Since you (and Tejas and even i) thought it was a directory at first.

Reviewer: Ah my bad. I even added to it at one point ( `test_site_special_tags` ) 😅

Author: > Perhaps we should mention that it's a file. Since you (and Tejas and even i) thought it was a directory at first.

How to mention its a file though? 

Something like - When creating a new test site, the directory name of the new test site should be added to <code>test/functional/test_sites</code> **file**.

  You should always check that the generated output is correct before committing any changes to the test sites.
</box>

> #### Adding site content

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Adding test site content
```

When adding new features, you should also add new site content into an existing test site or create a new test site to demonstrate the new feature. This is to ensure that your feature can be tested by building that test site.

> 

Reviewer 2: Add a line before the steps, probably over here, saying
"To add a page to an existing test site, for this example, to `test_site`:"

1. Add a new test page, e.g., `newTestPage.md`, containing a demonstration of the new feature.

> 2. Open test\functional\test_site\site.json

Reviewer 3: In the spirit of standardizing the paths in the document, we could change this to using forward slashes enclosed in fences -
```suggestion
2. Open `test/functional/test_site/site.json`
```

Author: Ah my bad. Thanks for noticing!

> 2. Open `test/functional/test_site/site.json`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Open the `site.json` corresponding to the test site, i.e. `test/functional/test_site/site.json`
```

> 3. To include a new page, e.g., `newTestPage.md`, add it to the pages array.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. To include the new page, i.e. `newTestPage.md`, add it to the `pages` array.
```

``` {heading="site.json" highlight-lines="16,17"}
"pages": [
    {
      "src": "index.md",
      "title": "Hello World",
      "frontmatter": {
        "frontMatterOverrideProperty": "Overridden by front matter override",
        "globalAndFrontMatterOverrideProperty":  "Overridden by front matter override"
      }
    },
    ...
    {
      "src": "testLayouts.md",
      "title": "Hello World"
    },
    {,
      "src": "newTestPage.md",
      "title": [some title you see fit]
    },
    ....
```

4. Update the tests.

> <box type="info">

Reviewer 2: This instruction is correct, change it back

Author: Agreed. Thanks for clarifying it.
